Doctor, how is my second uncle?
Lord Qin is a very rare giant
The palace has tried its best
As for when he wakes up
Damn it, don't let me know who he is
Otherwise, I won't let him go.
How deep is the darkness involved?
Zhang Ji is a second-rank official
As a result, Zhang Xia all died
Now it's my Qin family's turn
I just received the decree
How is the second minister?
Taking care of my dad
Big brother, what happened?
Why was my father poisoned?
Could this be Zhang Qiang?
Will not
Just got the news.
Zhang Zhijie has died tragically in prison
What Zhang Zhijie died
How is that possible?
People involved in sex tax prostitution cases don't end well
It's better not to let them know at this time.
I remember something
This was left to me by my father when he was caught
What else did the second uncle say?
organ box
Could it be that Dad's preview is related to this thing?
Maybe, but how do I open this?
Hey don't look at me
I am a reader
Won't unlock
Could it be that this matter is related to the clues left by the second uncle's investigation of the tax and bank case?
This is obviously a hot potato
The other party may also be here for this
What do you mean, big brother?
I'll give you this box.